Updating Web Overview file (#1132)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/web/get-started/overview.md

# Get Started with Web Applications

> Tizen Web applications are created using the web-native languages, such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS that are combined in a package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tizen Web applications are created using not only well-known Web programming languages, such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript but also Tizen Web API, based on JavaScript, that interacts with the Tizen native subsystems. 
```

If you think the suggestion is a little wordy, you can change it.

Author: Based on your suggestion in https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1130#discussion_r444121718, and to maintain consistency across all the get started pages, I tried to tweak your suggestion a little:

You can create Tizen Web applications in the web-native languages such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. You can also use the Tizen Web APIs that interact with the Tizen native subsystems. To create your first Tizen Web application, you can select from the following profiles:

Please verify and share your valuable feedback.

Reviewer: I thought 'web-native languages' expression was awkward so I left suggestion. I know it came from the original one.
In my point of view, there is no problem you rephrase this sentence except for those words.

> The Web application uses the Tizen Web framework to interact with the native subsystems. To create your first Tizen Web application, the following profiles are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your first applications as follows:
```

-   [Wearable Web application](wearable/first-app.md)

    Applications targeted to run on smartwatches. It can be optimized for small screens.

-   [Wearable Web watch application](wearable-watch/first-app-watch.md)

    Applications that are customized watch faces that appear as the device home screen.

-   [Wearable Web widget application](wearable-widget/first-app-widget.md)

    Applications that can be shown by specific UI applications such as home screen.

-   [TV Web application](tv/first-app.md)

    Applications targeted to run on smart TVs. It can be optimized for large screens and remote controls.

-   [Samsung Smart TV Web application](tv/first-samsung-tv-app.md)

     Applications targeted to run on Samsung smart TVs and can be optimized for larger screens and remote control.

-   [Mobile Web application](mobile/first-app.md)

    Applications targeted to run on smartphones. It can take advantage of the functionalities available on smartphones.

The examples in each profile explain a simple application with a basic UI and minimal functionality.
Get familiar with these examples, and then you can build more complex applications.

> ## Richness on your Web applications

Author: Can we change the heading as:

## Enrich your Web application

Please verify.
